add configs (#451)
Azure/vscode-kubernetes-tools: debug-on-kubernetes.md

## 3. Extension Settings for debugging
   * `vs-kubernetes` - Parent for Kubernetes-related extension settings
      * `vs-kubernetes.autoCleanupOnDebugTerminate` - The flag to control whether to auto cleanup the created Deployment and associated Pod by the command "Kubernetes: Debug (Launch)". The cleanup action occurs when it failed to start debug session or debug session terminated. If not specified, the extension will prompt for whether to clean up or not. You might choose not to clean up if you wanted to view pod logs, etc.

>       * `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-autodetect-remote-root` - If true will try to automatically get the root location of the source code in the container. The detection attempts to get the CWD of the nodejs process.  

Reviewer: I love that you've detailed the settings here - great attention to detail!  Thank you!

>       * `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-autodetect-remote-root` - If true will try to automatically get the root location of the source code in the container. The detection attempts to get the CWD of the nodejs process.  

Reviewer: Suggest some wording about debugging in this description.  Also clarify what it does when false.  E.g. "Controls how the extension locates the remote source code when debugging Node applications.  If true...  If false..."

>       * `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-autodetect-remote-root` - This flags controlls how the extensions locates the root of the source code in the container. If true will try to automatically get the root location of the source code in the container. The detection attempts to get the CWD of the nodejs process. If false, the `remoteRoot` setting in the debug configuration will be set to `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-remote-root`.  

Reviewer: Typos - "controlls" -> controls, "extensions" -> extension.  Also had some wording suggestions:

```suggestion
      * `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-autodetect-remote-root` - This flags controls how the extension locates the root of the source code in the container. If true will try to automatically get the root location of the source code in the container, by getting the CWD of the nodejs process. If false, the `remoteRoot` setting in the debug configuration will be set to the value of the `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-remote-root` setting.  
```

>       * `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-remote-root` - User specified root location of the source code in the container. Remote root is passed to the debug configuration to allow vscode to map local files to files in the container. If `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-autodetect-remote-root` is set to `false` and `vs-kubernetes.nodejs-remote-root` is empty, no remoteRoot is set in the debug configuration. For more info on nodejs remote debugging see [vscode documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_remote-debugging)

Reviewer: This feels like it would vary a lot from application to application.  Should it be part of the debug launch config rather than an extension setting?  Are we allowed to do that?

Reviewer: Oh, we can't do this because we bypass `launch.json`?  Vexing if true... @radu-matei @testforstephen is there a way to put stuff like this in application data to be picked up by the debug provider?
